I wanted to create a website that helps you stay in shape. Most of us are active daily but still eat everything, then complain about little to no weight loss. Sometimes, however, it is not the quantity of the food we eat, it is the quality. The idea was based on my own experience. I pay very little attention to the calories of the food I consume and now I have found out that it is quite important. Instead of checking different sources about our daily intake of calories I wanted to put it all in one; a website that helps you calculate the amount of calories we need and take daily.

First you have to register or login in order to view the main page. The dashboard consists of daily posts on tips and tricks of healthy eating habits. The posts are published by admins. Users can like a post and view its details. Post details show the whole article and the people who liked it. On the menu there are nav links and you can click to calculate your needed amount of calories. You can also click the link which helps you calculate the calories you consumed today and keep on track daily. You can search the products you consumed and view the calories they contain. The user profile shows their first name, last name, email and an edit button for personal details. The user can upload a picture. The user can logout when needed. Admins add, edit and delete food. When you first register, the first admin has to be made manually through the database, after that they can go to Users and add and remove admin priority. The whole food items are shown on Food where admin can manipulate with the data.
